how's it go on youtube this is wake run
collapse and this is the benefit of
being subscribe to me in washing a video
of mine on the first day because I have
a surprise for you some of my more
attentive viewers notice that i had a
PSA graded card in the background of one
of my videos about a week ago and i'm
really really happy to own this I do not
PSA grade cards and I am NOT interested
in collecting PSA graded cards but when
you get an opportunity like this you
can't pass it up if you're watching this
video the day after or really any time
after this actually happens you're going
to be spoiled by the title of the video
but it's time for a slow reveal for
something really really great
that's right guys I got the regice gold
star to complete my Japanese set base
Gold's to our collection and a PSA 10
absolutely unbelievable what a beautiful
card let's take a nice long look at that
you can see the gold star right up at
the front obviously the case is in
beautiful condition as well because you
can see straight through it and get all
the sparkle of the card looking down
there the light catches it correctly you
can see there's that gold star at the
bottom corner from Mirage forest gem
mint 10 absolutely beautiful and if you
notice in the bottom left hand corner
it's in unlimited edition I check the
PSA population report and I'm not sure
how up-to-date it is but according to
the population report you want to guess
how many of these cards exist in
unlimited edition as gem mint tens one
and it's this one if the report is
correct this is the only unlimited
Japanese gold star regice as a gem mint
n that exists in the entire world and
believe it or not I'm going to put it up
for trade that's right I'm willing to
trade this PSA graded gem mint 10 regice
gold star but only for very specific
things namely an ungraded a gold star
regice and something else I picked up
this card off ebay for $96 because I
knew it was worthwhile and it was really
important for me to be able to complete
my gold star collection but because i'm
not into PSA graded cards i'm not really
interested in keeping this i know there
are people out there who will probably
be able to sell this for more than I
paid for it I'm actually really amazed
that i got it for such a good price but
it doesn't fit in with my well we'll
call it general nature of putting all my
sets together and keeping all the cards
with them
so if you have a very nice condition and
I mean excellent or better Japanese
regice gold star and it is ungraded and
you want this PSA 10 I am willing to
trade it for the reg ice and some cash
or the reg ice and some other stuff to
make this a comparable deal but I will
make it worth your while because I'm
requiring you to send first which is not
a surprise and i will also require
pictures of the regice if you have it so
if you're out there near a Japanese
collector and you want a piece of
history send me an e-mail or you can
message me on youtube let me know that
you're interested in this card and that
you have the regice that i want to put
into my set but as of right now I will
consider my Japanese set based gold star
collection complete and now it's time
for a montage of all 23 cards in this
series
Oh